NEXT-12479 - Add documentation for new Stock API (#996)
shopware/docs: guides/installation/configuration/README.md

# Configuration

## Overview

> When running Shopware 6 there are various configuration options you can use to customize your installation. This page will give you an overview of the different configuration options and how they effect Shopware.
> 
> ## Configuration
> 
> The configuration for Shopware 6 resides in the general bundle configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running Shopware 6, you can use various configuration options to customize your installation. This page will give you an overview of the different configuration options and how they affect Shopware. The configuration for Shopware 6 resides in the general bundle configuration:
```

```text
<project root>
└── config
   └── packages
      └── shopware.yaml
```

## Feature Flags

Some features of Shopware are only activated when the corresponding feature flag is enabled. Feature flags can be enabled in your project's `.env` file:

{% code title="<project root>/.env" %}

```shell
STOCK_HANDLING=1
```

{% endcode %}

### Stock

#### Enable the new Stock Management system

> As of Shopware 6.5.4 the stock management system has been re-written. The `product.stock` field is now the primary source for real time product stock values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Shopware 6.5.4, the stock management system has been rewritten. The `product.stock` field is now the primary source for real-time product stock values.
```
